tests/testthat/_snaps/tbl-format.md, before:

# format() reacts on cli.num_colors option

    Code
      format(as_tbl(trees))
    Output
       [1] "\033[90m# A data frame: 31 x 3\033[39m"                                                                             
       [2] "   Girth Height Volume"                                                                                             
       [3] "   \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m  \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m  \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m"
       [4] "\033[90m 1\033[39m   8.3     70   10.3"                                                                             
       [5] "\033[90m 2\033[39m   8.6     65   10.3"                                                                             
       [6] "\033[90m 3\033[39m   8.8     63   10.2"                                                                             
       [7] "\033[90m 4\033[39m  10.5     72   16.4"                                                                             
       [8] "\033[90m 5\033[39m  10.7     81   18.8"                                                                             
       [9] "\033[90m 6\033[39m  10.8     83   19.7"                                                                             
      [10] "\033[90m 7\033[39m  11       66   15.6"                                                                             
      [11] "\033[90m 8\033[39m  11       75   18.2"                                                                             
      [12] "\033[90m 9\033[39m  11.1     80   22.6"                                                                             
      [13] "\033[90m10\033[39m  11.2     75   19.9"                                                                             
      [14] "\033[90m# ... with 21 more rows\033[39m"                                                                            
    Code
      options(cli.num_colors = 1)
      format(as_tbl(trees))
    Output
       [1] "# A data frame: 31 x 3"  "   Girth Height Volume" 
       [3] "   <dbl>  <dbl>  <dbl>"  " 1   8.3     70   10.3" 
       [5] " 2   8.6     65   10.3"  " 3   8.8     63   10.2" 
       [7] " 4  10.5     72   16.4"  " 5  10.7     81   18.8" 
       [9] " 6  10.8     83   19.7"  " 7  11       66   15.6" 
      [11] " 8  11       75   18.2"  " 9  11.1     80   22.6" 
      [13] "10  11.2     75   19.9"  "# ... with 21 more rows"

# print() output

    Code
      as_tbl(mtcars)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 8, width = 30)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
          mpg   cyl  disp    hp
      * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
      1  21       6  160    110
      2  21       6  160    110
      3  22.8     4  108     93
      4  21.4     6  258    110
      5  18.7     8  360    175
      6  18.1     6  225    105
      7  14.3     8  360    245
      8  24.4     4  147.    62
      # ... with 24 more rows, and
      #   7 more variables:
      #   drat <dbl>, wt <dbl>,
      #   qsec <dbl>, vs <dbl>,
      #   am <dbl>, gear <dbl>,
      #   carb <dbl>
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 30)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4 108      93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6 258     110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8 360     175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6 225     105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8 360     245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4 147.     62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4 141.     95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      11  17.8     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.9     1     0     4     4
      12  16.4     8 276.    180  3.07  4.07  17.4     0     0     3     3
      13  17.3     8 276.    180  3.07  3.73  17.6     0     0     3     3
      14  15.2     8 276.    180  3.07  3.78  18       0     0     3     3
      15  10.4     8 472     205  2.93  5.25  18.0     0     0     3     4
      16  10.4     8 460     215  3     5.42  17.8     0     0     3     4
      17  14.7     8 440     230  3.23  5.34  17.4     0     0     3     4
      18  32.4     4  78.7    66  4.08  2.2   19.5     1     1     4     1
      19  30.4     4  75.7    52  4.93  1.62  18.5     1     1     4     2
      20  33.9     4  71.1    65  4.22  1.84  19.9     1     1     4     1
      21  21.5     4 120.     97  3.7   2.46  20.0     1     0     3     1
      22  15.5     8 318     150  2.76  3.52  16.9     0     0     3     2
      23  15.2     8 304     150  3.15  3.44  17.3     0     0     3     2
      24  13.3     8 350     245  3.73  3.84  15.4     0     0     3     4
      25  19.2     8 400     175  3.08  3.84  17.0     0     0     3     2
      26  27.3     4  79      66  4.08  1.94  18.9     1     1     4     1
      27  26       4 120.     91  4.43  2.14  16.7     0     1     5     2
      28  30.4     4  95.1   113  3.77  1.51  16.9     1     1     5     2
      29  15.8     8 351     264  4.22  3.17  14.5     0     1     5     4
      30  19.7     6 145     175  3.62  2.77  15.5     0     1     5     6
      # ... with 2 more rows
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 100)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4 108      93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6 258     110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8 360     175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6 225     105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8 360     245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4 147.     62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4 141.     95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      11  17.8     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.9     1     0     4     4
      12  16.4     8 276.    180  3.07  4.07  17.4     0     0     3     3
      13  17.3     8 276.    180  3.07  3.73  17.6     0     0     3     3
      14  15.2     8 276.    180  3.07  3.78  18       0     0     3     3
      15  10.4     8 472     205  2.93  5.25  18.0     0     0     3     4
      16  10.4     8 460     215  3     5.42  17.8     0     0     3     4
      17  14.7     8 440     230  3.23  5.34  17.4     0     0     3     4
      18  32.4     4  78.7    66  4.08  2.2   19.5     1     1     4     1
      19  30.4     4  75.7    52  4.93  1.62  18.5     1     1     4     2
      20  33.9     4  71.1    65  4.22  1.84  19.9     1     1     4     1
      21  21.5     4 120.     97  3.7   2.46  20.0     1     0     3     1
      22  15.5     8 318     150  2.76  3.52  16.9     0     0     3     2
      23  15.2     8 304     150  3.15  3.44  17.3     0     0     3     2
      24  13.3     8 350     245  3.73  3.84  15.4     0     0     3     4
      25  19.2     8 400     175  3.08  3.84  17.0     0     0     3     2
      26  27.3     4  79      66  4.08  1.94  18.9     1     1     4     1
      27  26       4 120.     91  4.43  2.14  16.7     0     1     5     2
      28  30.4     4  95.1   113  3.77  1.51  16.9     1     1     5     2
      29  15.8     8 351     264  4.22  3.17  14.5     0     1     5     4
      30  19.7     6 145     175  3.62  2.77  15.5     0     1     5     6
      31  15       8 301     335  3.54  3.57  14.6     0     1     5     8
      32  21.4     4 121     109  4.11  2.78  18.6     1     1     4     2
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 40, max_extra_cols = 1)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44
      # ... with 22 more rows, and 5 more
      #   variables: qsec <dbl>, ...
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 30, max_footer_lines = 3)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110
       2  21       6  160    110
       3  22.8     4  108     93
       4  21.4     6  258    110
       5  18.7     8  360    175
       6  18.1     6  225    105
       7  14.3     8  360    245
       8  24.4     4  147.    62
       9  22.8     4  141.    95
      10  19.2     6  168.   123
      # ... with 22 more rows, and
      #   7 more variables:
      #   drat <dbl>, wt <dbl>, ...
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.print_min = 5, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.print_max = 50, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.width = 30, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows

---

    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 40, n_extra = 1)
    Condition
      Warning:
      The `n_extra` argument of `print()` is deprecated as of pillar 1.6.2.
      Please use the `max_extra_cols` argument instead.
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44
      # ... with 22 more rows, and 5 more
      #   variables: qsec <dbl>, ...

Commit message:

Show count of extra variables before variable details

tests/testthat/_snaps/tbl-format.md, after:

# format() reacts on cli.num_colors option

    Code
      format(as_tbl(trees))
    Output
       [1] "\033[90m# A data frame: 31 x 3\033[39m"                                                                             
       [2] "   Girth Height Volume"                                                                                             
       [3] "   \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m  \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m  \033[3m\033[90m<dbl>\033[39m\033[23m"
       [4] "\033[90m 1\033[39m   8.3     70   10.3"                                                                             
       [5] "\033[90m 2\033[39m   8.6     65   10.3"                                                                             
       [6] "\033[90m 3\033[39m   8.8     63   10.2"                                                                             
       [7] "\033[90m 4\033[39m  10.5     72   16.4"                                                                             
       [8] "\033[90m 5\033[39m  10.7     81   18.8"                                                                             
       [9] "\033[90m 6\033[39m  10.8     83   19.7"                                                                             
      [10] "\033[90m 7\033[39m  11       66   15.6"                                                                             
      [11] "\033[90m 8\033[39m  11       75   18.2"                                                                             
      [12] "\033[90m 9\033[39m  11.1     80   22.6"                                                                             
      [13] "\033[90m10\033[39m  11.2     75   19.9"                                                                             
      [14] "\033[90m# ... with 21 more rows\033[39m"                                                                            
    Code
      options(cli.num_colors = 1)
      format(as_tbl(trees))
    Output
       [1] "# A data frame: 31 x 3"  "   Girth Height Volume" 
       [3] "   <dbl>  <dbl>  <dbl>"  " 1   8.3     70   10.3" 
       [5] " 2   8.6     65   10.3"  " 3   8.8     63   10.2" 
       [7] " 4  10.5     72   16.4"  " 5  10.7     81   18.8" 
       [9] " 6  10.8     83   19.7"  " 7  11       66   15.6" 
      [11] " 8  11       75   18.2"  " 9  11.1     80   22.6" 
      [13] "10  11.2     75   19.9"  "# ... with 21 more rows"

# print() output

    Code
      as_tbl(mtcars)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 8, width = 30)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
          mpg   cyl  disp    hp
      * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
      1  21       6  160    110
      2  21       6  160    110
      3  22.8     4  108     93
      4  21.4     6  258    110
      5  18.7     8  360    175
      6  18.1     6  225    105
      7  14.3     8  360    245
      8  24.4     4  147.    62
      # ... with 24 more rows, 7
      #   more variables, and
      #   variable names:
      #   drat <dbl>, wt <dbl>,
      #   qsec <dbl>, vs <dbl>,
      #   am <dbl>, gear <dbl>,
      #   carb <dbl>
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 30)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4 108      93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6 258     110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8 360     175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6 225     105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8 360     245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4 147.     62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4 141.     95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      11  17.8     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.9     1     0     4     4
      12  16.4     8 276.    180  3.07  4.07  17.4     0     0     3     3
      13  17.3     8 276.    180  3.07  3.73  17.6     0     0     3     3
      14  15.2     8 276.    180  3.07  3.78  18       0     0     3     3
      15  10.4     8 472     205  2.93  5.25  18.0     0     0     3     4
      16  10.4     8 460     215  3     5.42  17.8     0     0     3     4
      17  14.7     8 440     230  3.23  5.34  17.4     0     0     3     4
      18  32.4     4  78.7    66  4.08  2.2   19.5     1     1     4     1
      19  30.4     4  75.7    52  4.93  1.62  18.5     1     1     4     2
      20  33.9     4  71.1    65  4.22  1.84  19.9     1     1     4     1
      21  21.5     4 120.     97  3.7   2.46  20.0     1     0     3     1
      22  15.5     8 318     150  2.76  3.52  16.9     0     0     3     2
      23  15.2     8 304     150  3.15  3.44  17.3     0     0     3     2
      24  13.3     8 350     245  3.73  3.84  15.4     0     0     3     4
      25  19.2     8 400     175  3.08  3.84  17.0     0     0     3     2
      26  27.3     4  79      66  4.08  1.94  18.9     1     1     4     1
      27  26       4 120.     91  4.43  2.14  16.7     0     1     5     2
      28  30.4     4  95.1   113  3.77  1.51  16.9     1     1     5     2
      29  15.8     8 351     264  4.22  3.17  14.5     0     1     5     4
      30  19.7     6 145     175  3.62  2.77  15.5     0     1     5     6
      # ... with 2 more rows
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), n = 100)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6 160     110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4 108      93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6 258     110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8 360     175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6 225     105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8 360     245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4 147.     62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4 141.     95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      11  17.8     6 168.    123  3.92  3.44  18.9     1     0     4     4
      12  16.4     8 276.    180  3.07  4.07  17.4     0     0     3     3
      13  17.3     8 276.    180  3.07  3.73  17.6     0     0     3     3
      14  15.2     8 276.    180  3.07  3.78  18       0     0     3     3
      15  10.4     8 472     205  2.93  5.25  18.0     0     0     3     4
      16  10.4     8 460     215  3     5.42  17.8     0     0     3     4
      17  14.7     8 440     230  3.23  5.34  17.4     0     0     3     4
      18  32.4     4  78.7    66  4.08  2.2   19.5     1     1     4     1
      19  30.4     4  75.7    52  4.93  1.62  18.5     1     1     4     2
      20  33.9     4  71.1    65  4.22  1.84  19.9     1     1     4     1
      21  21.5     4 120.     97  3.7   2.46  20.0     1     0     3     1
      22  15.5     8 318     150  2.76  3.52  16.9     0     0     3     2
      23  15.2     8 304     150  3.15  3.44  17.3     0     0     3     2
      24  13.3     8 350     245  3.73  3.84  15.4     0     0     3     4
      25  19.2     8 400     175  3.08  3.84  17.0     0     0     3     2
      26  27.3     4  79      66  4.08  1.94  18.9     1     1     4     1
      27  26       4 120.     91  4.43  2.14  16.7     0     1     5     2
      28  30.4     4  95.1   113  3.77  1.51  16.9     1     1     5     2
      29  15.8     8 351     264  4.22  3.17  14.5     0     1     5     4
      30  19.7     6 145     175  3.62  2.77  15.5     0     1     5     6
      31  15       8 301     335  3.54  3.57  14.6     0     1     5     8
      32  21.4     4 121     109  4.11  2.78  18.6     1     1     4     2
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 40, max_extra_cols = 1)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44
      # ... with 22 more rows, 5 more
      #   variables, and variable names:
      #   qsec <dbl>, ...
    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 30, max_footer_lines = 3)
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110
       2  21       6  160    110
       3  22.8     4  108     93
       4  21.4     6  258    110
       5  18.7     8  360    175
       6  18.1     6  225    105
       7  14.3     8  360    245
       8  24.4     4  147.    62
       9  22.8     4  141.    95
      10  19.2     6  168.   123
      # ... with 22 more rows, 7
      #   more variables, and
      #   variable names: ...
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.print_min = 5, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.print_max = 50, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows
    Code
      rlang::with_options(tibble.width = 30, as_tbl(mtcars))
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt  qsec    vs    am  gear  carb
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62  16.5     0     1     4     4
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88  17.0     0     1     4     4
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32  18.6     1     1     4     1
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22  19.4     1     0     3     1
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44  17.0     0     0     3     2
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46  20.2     1     0     3     1
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57  15.8     0     0     3     4
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19  20       1     0     4     2
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15  22.9     1     0     4     2
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44  18.3     1     0     4     4
      # ... with 22 more rows

---

    Code
      print(as_tbl(mtcars), width = 40, n_extra = 1)
    Condition
      Warning:
      The `n_extra` argument of `print()` is deprecated as of pillar 1.6.2.
      Please use the `max_extra_cols` argument instead.
    Output
      # A data frame: 32 x 11
           mpg   cyl  disp    hp  drat    wt
       * <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl> <dbl>
       1  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.62
       2  21       6  160    110  3.9   2.88
       3  22.8     4  108     93  3.85  2.32
       4  21.4     6  258    110  3.08  3.22
       5  18.7     8  360    175  3.15  3.44
       6  18.1     6  225    105  2.76  3.46
       7  14.3     8  360    245  3.21  3.57
       8  24.4     4  147.    62  3.69  3.19
       9  22.8     4  141.    95  3.92  3.15
      10  19.2     6  168.   123  3.92  3.44
      # ... with 22 more rows, 5 more
      #   variables, and variable names:
      #   qsec <dbl>, ...
